Kind of problems a student has to face while facing the interview and how to succeed it.
In any job interview, the interviewing officers don't just look at the scores or marks obtained by the candidate. 
They carefully look for the leadership personality, body language and words used by the candidate and communication skills to select for their company.
There is heavy competition in this job search field. If there are 10 vacancies in a company then at least thousand people apply.
The Interviewing officers also have some questions ready to find out who the brilliant guy is.
The first question is

Why have you been without a job for two years? If asked, don't say 'I was looking for a job'.
This question should be answered tactfully
'I am developing additional skills for a good job along with that I was looking for a company where I could find a job that suited my skills. 
If your company gives me a good job offer, I will prove my skills’.
'What do you know about our company?' If asked, it is better for the interviewee to know about the company in order to be able to answer it.
 
Another question asked next: 'What are your strengths..what are your weaknesses?' 
Do not try to answer this question in a funny way. If you openly mention your weakness, it will also backfire to the point of not getting the job. 
So it is important to answer with caution. How can you answer this question? Here is an example.
'I am the one who thinks there is nothing we can't do. Any lock made has a key. 
Similarly, I am a person who thinks that any problem has a solution. It is my stubborn nature to get anything done. I think this is my strength. 
If you ask me what my weakness is, I don't trust anyone immediately. I don't agree with compromising even minor mistakes committed by others. 
I think this is my weakness.'  Answer should be given in this positive way.
 
Another embarrassing interview question is: 'How much do you expect to be paid if we hire you?' 
Many people are confused about what to answer when asked this question. Saying 'give what you give' is not the right answer either. 
There are also people who get confused because 'if you tell them an amount, they will think it is too much'. 
There is also fear that if I reduce the salary, they will think that I am only qualified for that amount. 
Our greed should not be exposed while answering such questions. Self-esteem should not be hurt either. So think and answer.
 
How to answer this question? Here is an example.
'I have come to work in your company. I think it would be right for you to decide my salary based on my educational qualification and marks. 
I will accept the salary you fix. After that look at my ability in work and fix a final salary.'

Interview officers will be satisfied with such answers. The job will be available immediately.
